## ASP.NET application with Reactjs.NET and Webpack
This is an example application of how to use the [Reactjs.NET](http://reactjs.net/) library in an well known asp.net application with [Webpack](https://webpack.github.io/). It's a more complex isomorphic application that is composed only from React components that are rendered both server and client side. We use webpack in order to write JavaScript in a modular way and at the same time handle styles and static assets through these tools. On top of that webpack dev server gives us the amazing experience of hot module replacement (live reload) during development time.

### Development workflow
As the entire application composed from React components no Razor views are involved, except the Layout page, and we can say that the asp.net application acts only as data provider. So in order to launch the application we need to have an update version of [node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) in our system and on the root of the project first execute `npm install` from command line and then `npm start` in order to start the webpack's development server. After doing that we can even do `ctl+F5` in visual studio and launch the application. In this environment the html will generated in the server and the browser will get a full html document. Aftel loading the application we can start changing the components or the styles of the application and the development server will update the page withouth even refresh it.

### Production environment
Once we are done with the development we need to prepare the static assets which will be delivered as part of our application. In order to do that we just have to execute `npm run dist` and everything will be placed in the dist folder of the application. This step is prefered to be part of the automated build process as it also lints, through [eslint](http://eslint.org/), all the components and JavaScript files and will fail the entire build if an error is present.